Well that impression-I just
Good thing they sell really and that I female entertainer is an airport decided that I Ano now
Young actors and that
I wish I had a second way prefectural but he was a little
Say to be proposed from
I your partner role and I was allowed to send the theme say rough I'll great to say that what
And Mr. Saito-san is doing it
I-
Hey that
I was very happy to hear the true meaning of the surprised long time people
That I say because I saw you had seen Hey Hey Hey I gadfly ear
roof after receiving a proposal to snuff
Kedomo've got to a child hug
Tteyuu Saito's insanely high by stars So I think that may come face here
It doesn't always mean something so nasty
Ah ah ah ah
'M going to put 153 centimeters So Is that Masu Come summer cod
I don't know if you hit a part of the Don club, but the face is anyway
Tara here Ikunda Oh Oh good in the I say Iuwakaru me different from conventional conventional property and different
It's about where you come here
Imagine the face is not come to soon hear that scene sound Toka piano with
It's a little best I turned into I had Takana' Huh there I was a so-so stable on the
Senna to be here Ya take in speaking of Baibai work
Yes yes
Why is the number 5 good key condition so I need to know what to do?
Standing 23 after the recording
the human person is the true thought about not only in ok time on whether Kaha' generation 3-axis to buy dog
It 's been a long time since I 've been talking about something so wonderful right now
If you are concerned
I much Tteyuu would be this other sorry to choice but to buy or there is
I really see you standing
That kind of friendly and good one
That morning- it's usually I usually
I with that manager at work
I'm throwing out funny chats and laughing, but talking about that little bit of polot
Once Tteyuu recent epidemic of me or Toka ne ne it that hydrofluoric I manager laughed together
That's Big Daddy
Till Jan identity that identity stone 's Nai Patty Big Daddy Big Daddy would do
Ahh.
I have some good snaps and I don't know what I'm listening to
It's a medium and I'm not going to go crazy
Are powder even my cunning was Itteyuu and shape
I mimic the snap of the big marina and combine with that child
The true character is that of Calvi
A child 's visa for me to be a manager who imitates
What paddle it
Also laugh with
There in Mr. Is Big Daddy Onaridai it Now most shit fraud masu that
Like the I it is almost sense that something'll Osu entertainment me laughing Truly is transmitted Oh other than
I wonder what
Another nice quite Tsutsu also in the Well softening summer while I maintain Na's this person nice
It would be nice to meet you
Is it again and over Sarn Tteyuu change doing Miyagi was a saw-sama thinking
Ha